---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Mainfolder/Sam Ren/Link to the story/"}
---

"I feel as though the memories of my life imprison me."The boy across from me said, "I don't know what to do...". Helping students with thoughts like these is the reason I founded this Peer Support project in our school. To improve the mental health of the entire community. It has already aided many students who are struggling with personal challenges. To help you better appreciate the success of this project, I want to share its sad origin story, which began when I was in middle school.

When I was 13, I faced a distressing period. I was bullied because of my obesity and feelings of inferiority. I will never forget that day in the restroom when my classmates crowded outside the stall, banging loudly on the door, ridiculing me, and throwing garbage into the stall until the school bell rang. After I returned to class, they blamed me for the mess. Consequently, I was suspended from school. I felt very depressed because my teachers were only focused on academic performance and didn't take my suffering seriously. My parents then had to transfer me to an international middle school, where I initially spent two peaceful years building many like-minded friendships and pursuing the things I loved. Yet I still carried the humiliation from the past.

The scars and wounds from the past still hung over me like a heavy burden, ready to smash my spirit at any moment. Misfortune struck when I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression, forcing me to take a one-month rest from my studies. I spent my days in the hospital, aimlessly watching the leaves fall from the tree outside the window. Memories of joyless days played on a loop in my mind, trapping me in a swamp of recollection. After the psychological consultation, I lay in bed exhausted. Suddenly, I received a text from a teammate with whom I had once collaborated on a Learning-support project.

Memories of our experience volunteering and teaching in the remote Liangshan region resurfaced. In my memory, I was gazing at dusty teaching materials from my time as a volunteer teacher. Those days were undeniably the happiest times of my life despite the challenging conditions. I woke early to prepare breakfast, teach mathematics, and conduct home visits for the children there. Recalling these experiences filled my heart with a sense of deliverance and reminded me of a quote:" When love is our guiding light, we can break through barriers to be of loving service to the world..." With this idea, I was suddenly filled with courage, conviction, and determination to create the Peer Support project- a project aimed at helping others emerge from their darkness, just as I had.

We created anonymous mailboxes to receive and respond to the silent cries of students struggling with depression. At the same time, we invited school counselors and psychology teachers to our program's weekly professional training. During the days of isolation due to COVID-19, we provided students isolated on different floors of our dormitory with snacks free of charge and organized activities like karaoke competitions and online eSports to raise morale. Through this journey, I discovered I possessed leadership skills and the ability to grasp complex situations. Perhaps more importantly, I regained my lost confidence.

I presented this project to the whole school, and despite the audience's gaze being fixed on me, I stood before them without fear because I had already confronted my past and emerged stronger. To the crowd, I declared, "This is not just a simple Peer Support activity team. We are also a movement focused on redemption. We use the misfortunes in our lives to provide others with a glimmer of hope. Life has taught me that what defines us is not the tragedies and obstacles we encounter but rather how we face and overcome them." The audience erupted in applause.